Aleksandr Petrosyan: Mr. Slope, the
Victor Gridnevsky: unknownlangunknown
Victor Gridnevsky: back to domestic to see what
Victor Gridnevsky: i'm still.
But now
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Ah, Alexis joined us.
Hart Montgomery: Hello! How are you all? Today?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Ah,
Hart Montgomery: we've had a blackout in, I mean here for an entire day. So a little out of the loop that's not good. Yeah
Victor Gridnevsky: a bit late, but okay as otherwise.
Victor Gridnevsky: How are you?
Hart Montgomery: Ah, not too bad, busy as always. But you know
I can't complain too much in the grand scheme of things
Victor Gridnevsky: understandable.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It asked you to have
Hart Montgomery: so
Hart Montgomery: good.
Hart Montgomery: So, Kam, said he's not going to be at the meeting today.
Hart Montgomery: Ah, the discord
which
Hart Montgomery: probation
Nathan George: Oh,
Hart Montgomery: how are you today
Nathan George: doing pretty good. It's a It's a busy meeting day today for me.
Nathan George: How about you?
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, me, too.
Hart Montgomery: I actually have to drop at eight thirty. But I just wanted to stop in
Hart Montgomery: um, I guess. Can't stop here, so I don't know if we have an agenda, So do you all want to?
Hart Montgomery: Should we just get started? I don't know what. I guess we want to talk about the The Pr's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Sounds good by me.
Hart Montgomery: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: A bathroom.
Nathan George: No objection here. I was thinking I was just going to come and lurk today, so i'm wondering where Cam and Mike and some of the other regulars are
Hart Montgomery: woke up. Just, said he. Wasn't going to show up today. He
Hart Montgomery: message that in the discord I like two hours ago.
Hart Montgomery: Um,
Hart Montgomery: but
Hart Montgomery: yeah, I mean It's you all
Hart Montgomery: I don't know. Do you want to talk about anything?
Hart Montgomery: Right?
Hart Montgomery: Yeah. Is your stuff moving forward, Alexander?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's moving to the forensic place?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We are well off. Our team is way.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The other half is stretched thin over too many issues.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But there's some light at the end of the tunnel we are finishing with a large restructuring of our consensus,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and next week we should have a little bit more leeway to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: some constructive improvements We're already eyeing a few specifically. We want to unpack the all dependencies, we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: meaning that we're going to update all feature combinations.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Well, algorithms So um
Aleksandr Petrosyan: include newer versions of what they depend on
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the only one that is a little worrisome as cha cha Pauli.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we'll we'll get there when we get there, which shouldn't be too far problematic. I think there there was one deprecation, but that was it. I think the thing that they deprecated. This thing is something that Us: it doesn't use anyone.
Hart Montgomery: So. Yeah, and a lot of this stuff is
Hart Montgomery: Oh, sorry. Go ahead. I thought you were done.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: No, no, no, i'm. I'm done
Hart Montgomery: a lot of this stuff is used mine earlier only in testing.
Hart Montgomery: So yeah it if you have any like uh,
Hart Montgomery: if anything is bogged down just
Hart Montgomery: uh tag me in a Pr. Or something, and i'll try to mail people
Aleksandr Petrosyan: good.
Hart Montgomery: We will have to create the
Hart Montgomery: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Everybody.
Hart Montgomery: Nathan, Do you have anything?
Nathan George: No, not particularly.
Nathan George: I guess the other The piece that we ought to make sure that this community is up to speed on is the proposal for doing the non-creds formatting work in a new project. There's a project proposed off, and it's looking for feedback.
Nathan George: And so, if you have any opinions on that, and how it affects both area vice versa. It's a good time to make that known folks who are proposing
Hart Montgomery: draw more attention to to earth and the non-creds, and also help allow for modular credentials that can run on any ledger.
Hart Montgomery: It's
Hart Montgomery: needless to say I
Hart Montgomery: I think it's a good idea.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Oh, go ahead, Alexander. Sorry. Go ahead
Aleksandr Petrosyan: as nothing for my side.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Alright,
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Go ahead. Sorry.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Keep interrupting each other. I think it's the lag.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Nothing for my set.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Cool. Um
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): for me. I had a conversation with a couple of folks last week about hey? I heard there are things going on there, so am I responsible? Yes, you should be attending your some meetings to find out what's changing, and so you understand what's going on. Um, i'm also going to speak to the next idea of the implementers call to make sure. Folks know that there's um
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): some weren't going into ersa, and if they want to understand where that work is going, they need to be attending this meeting. They need to be paying attention to the Orsa Discord Channel.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Someone did make a request like, Is there a roadmap? And I said, No. But if you'd like to join these calls and help develop one that would be awesome. So i'm i'm trying to get some more folks in here um who have skin in the game in regards to Ursa, but have not been either contributing or not to paying attention to what's going on. So i'm working on that
Hart Montgomery: awesome. Yeah, I hope this a non-credit stuff, Nathan, did you want to say something
Nathan George: just in regards to the roadmap? We've had for a long time the initiative called operation. Oh, so
Nathan George: um! Which is a set of bugs and tickets that need to be resolved to update the packaging and code composition of ersa that we could really use some help with. But we have had a hard time getting folks to volunteer for. Some of those.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Do what I can do
Aleksandr Petrosyan: me as well. Um, we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: are kind of the people who should be doing that.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: In other words, we volunteer.
Hart Montgomery: So
Hart Montgomery: yeah, we we are Also, I've been trying to drive more interest in all the Non- credential stuff that I want. I'm been attempting to get like
Hart Montgomery: like we've been
Hart Montgomery: fumbling around with a meeting with Anna License Gaia and some other people to try to get
Hart Montgomery: more serious
Hart Montgomery: to graphic attention.
Hart Montgomery: So,
Hart Montgomery: anyway, does anyone have anything else? They want to talk about, you know. If not, I know It's late for you guys. We should probably let you go.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We're fine.
Hart Montgomery: I'm sorry, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: oh, thank you
Hart Montgomery: all right. Should we close the meeting? Then?
Hart Montgomery: Awesome. Well, thanks a lot for your time, and let's continue any further conversations by email.
Hart Montgomery: Thanks a lot.
Hart Montgomery: We'll talk to you out later,
Hart Montgomery: bye bye,
Victor Gridnevsky: likewise.
Sean Bohan (Hyperledger): Thanks, everybody.